0.8.2
Compatible with Leopard (10.5), or rather only compatible with Leopard. I'm not sure, have not tested, but since the perl version number chaged
again it is probable that it will only work in leopard. Also, this is an Intel-only build, I was unable to do a PPC build.
Now correctly remembers changed colors in the preferences!

0.8.1
Upgraded irssi core to 0.8.11
Compiled with irssi perl scripting support.
Intel native build added!
Fixed a crashing bug (in ChannelBarCell).
Improved line splitting when pasting multiple lines in input field (carriage returns are now recognized correctly).
Dropped support for OS X 10.3 due to perl library linking.

0.8.0
Remembers current command when browsing command history.
Growl support for private messages.
Paste text works in search field!
Links in topic field are clickable.
"Edit Current Channel" menu item is only enabled for actual irc channels.
Automatic version checking. Thanks to M. Uli Kusterer for source code (http://www.zathras.de/angelweb/sourcecode.htm).
Fixed a nasty crash which sometimes happened when a message was highlighted.
Improved text search support: Find next/prev, find selected text, jump to selection.
Moved key shortcut for "Edit Current Channel" from command-E to command-I, because command-E is now used as shortcut for "Find selected text" (in conformance with many other OS X apps).
Fixed a layoutbug when reconnecting to servers (0.7.1 fix was faulty).
Theme preview and selection from preferences panel.
Added confirm dialog when pasting many lines of text to avoid unintentional spamming.
New application icon. Thanks to Kevin ¯stmark.
User selectable text encoding (global and per channel).
Fixed channel bar display bug when the channel buttons combined width is greater than the channel bar.
Added support for Unsanitys "Smart Crash Reporter".
Fixed a startup crash related to Mac OS X 10.4 poll() implementation.

0.7.1
Support for Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger.
Fixed a layoutbug when reconnecting to servers.
Accepts command line arguments, which are passed on to irssi.

0.7.0
Better handling of text attributes.
Halfop mode changes are correctly identified.
/clear command implemented (temp fix).
Only channels contain nicklists.
Channels can be displayed horizontally or verticaly.
Added tooltips for channelbar.
Removed nick tooltip (will maybe return)
Multiple nicks can be selected in nicklist.
Better color for links.
Searching in channels.

0.6.3
The text output problems that came with 0.6.2 are fixed.
Only scrolls visible channels when receiving a message.
An improved link-scanner, which also fixes some crash problems.

0.6.2
Now scrolls correctly when new messages are recieved. (0.6.2.1)
Much better response time from irssi events. E.g servers outputting lots of text when connecting.
Fixed a bug where you couldn't use the floater for public messages if you had op status on the channel.

0.6.1
Fixed a potential buffer overflow

0.6.0
Now has clickable links.
Accepts multiple lines of input.
Preference window can be closed with command-W.
Color panel is closed when preference window is closed.
No longer need to activate input text field before pasting.
Added font panel for changing font in channels.
Shift-up/down now works as expected in the input field.
Now based on irssi 0.8.9
No longer cancels shutdowns (not tested)
Added the 'floater' feature
Command-R and ctrl-X changes active server
You can now have a default quit message and choose not to be prompted while quitting
Icon bounces on private message (optional)
Tooltips in userlist
Icon changes apperance on private message. (lasting effect compared to bouncing)
Binding system to connect F-keys to command sequences
Put a users IP into pasteboard through context-menu
Perl scripts can be used (see Readme file)

0.5.2 (nov 05 2003)
Fixes some minor graphic issues that appeared in Mac OSX 10.3.
Also adds support for IPv6.

0.5.1 (nov 03 2003)
Now works in Mac OSX 10.3.
Also adds some optimizations to the text processing.

0.5 (sept 05 2003)
Initial release.
